Document `includes` behaviour (#1867)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/guides/configure-biome.mdx

:::

The Biome configuration file can be used to refine which files are processed.
You can explicitly list the files to be processed using
[the `files.includes` field](/reference/configuration). `files.includes` accepts
[glob patterns](/reference/configuration#glob-syntax-reference) such as
`src/**/*.js`. Negated patterns starting with `!` can be used to exclude files.

Paths and globs inside Biome's configuration file are always resolved relative
to the folder the configuration file is in.

`files.includes` applies to all of Biome's tools, meaning the files specified
here are processed by the linter, the formatter and the assist, unless specified
otherwise. For the individual tools, you can further refine the matching files
using `<tool>.includes`.

> :::important

Reviewer: This isn't part of [starlight](https://starlight.astro.build/guides/authoring-content/#asides). Did you want to use `:::note` or `:::caution`?

Author: Thanks, looks like I looked at a different markdown flavour reference 😅

The global `files.includes` has slightly different semantics than the more

> specific `<tool>.includes` fields. Any file or folder that doesn't match
> `files.includes` is excluded from use by any of Biome's tools. This means that
> any tool-specific `includes` field can never match a file that doesn't also
> match `files.includes`.

Reviewer 2: Actually it is even a bit more subtle.
Folders are only matched against negated patterns because folders like `src` doesn't match a pattern like `src/file.js`.

```suggestion
specific `<tool>.includes` fields. Any file that doesn't match
`files.includes` is excluded from use by any of Biome's tools. This means that
any tool-specific `includes` field can never match a file that doesn't also
match `files.includes`.
Also, Biome will not traverse a folder that matches a negated pattern from `files.includes`.
```

Author: Thanks! I don't think I would change the description though: After all, _not traversing_ a folder causes all the files in that folder to not match. So the original wording already implies the explanation you're giving. But while your explanation does help to explain _why_ those files don't match, it is actually harder to understand for the reader because you're overwhelming them with technical details that don't really matter for the end result.

> match `files.includes`.

Reviewer: It seems that this paragraph repeats what was stated before, just in different words. 

> `files.includes` applies to all of Biome's tools, meaning the files specified
here are processed by the linter, the formatter and the assist, unless specified
otherwise. For the individual tools, you can further refine the matching files
using `<tool>.includes`.

To me this phrase is clear enough, so maybe this paragraph should talk about `<tool>.includes` instead?

Author: It was primarily meant to clarify what “refinement” means, since I felt it was far from obvious. The fact that tool-specific files cannot match things outside the global files bears some explicit calling out, I think.

biome format test/
```

The command will format the files that end with the `.js` extension and doesn't end with the `.min.js` extension from the `test` directory.
The files in `src` are not formatted because the directory is not listed in the CLI.
The command will format the files that end with the `.js` extension and don't
end with the `.min.js` extension from the `test/` folder.
The files in `src/` are not formatted because the folder is not listed in the
CLI.

If we run the following command, no files are linted because the `test` directory is explicitly ignored for the linter.
If we run the following command, no files are linted because files inside the
`test/` folder are explicitly ignored for the linter.

```shell
biome lint test/
```

> Biome resolves the globs relatively from the working directory.

Reviewer: The PR doesn't mention anything about the removal of this section. Is there a reason? 

Since we changed how we resolve globs and folders, maybe we should **update** this section accordingly.

Author: Yes, it was updated, but I see it was updated in the process :)

A little above it says:

> Paths and globs inside Biome's configuration file are always resolved relative to the folder the configuration file is in.

Reviewer: Yes I read that part, but to be honest I don't like it. We just removed a good example with a small paragraph. It seems a step down from before

Author: Ah, I see. I honestly felt that the example was only necessary because the old behaviour was so unintuitive. Do we really still need an example to explain that Biome does what they already expect :)

Reviewer: Regardless of how intuitive a feature is/was, we wrote how Biome functioned and also made an example of how it works, and that's how our users learnt the behaviour.

Now, the expectations might seem more intuitive, but it still regards some examples to explain those expectations, especially in projects where there might be multiple configuration files and the use of `extends`. As a result:
- beginners will learn from zero with examples, it can't hurt;
- new users will find it intuitive, but if something doesn't click, the example can help;
- old users will re-learn the concept with examples, and they quickly change their setup;

Providing examples is also useful for us when triaging issues: if the bug doesn't respect the documentation, then it's not a bug. However, if it is, it's also an opportunity to fix our documentation.

Author: Alright, I've added an updated example under the "Sharing a configuration file" section. While at it, I've also moved this section to the bottom of the guide, seeing how I do think it's a bit more of an advanced topic. I think the flow of the guide has improved a bit like this. The earlier line that said "Paths and globs inside Biome's configuration file are always resolved relative to the folder the configuration file is in." has been updated to mention there's an exception in the face of `extends` and links to the relevant section.

Also added a line to mention that `extends` doesn't work recursively.
